#### How The Terrorism Affect Countries?
Terrorism is an important factor affecting world peace and countries’ safety, and it’s getting more and more attention from people. In our project, we plan to do a research about terrorism and the impact of terrorism on national development by using different data visualization method. The project mainly studied the overall distribution of terrorism from time and geographical location and the change of national dimension, aiming to help people to understand the current situation of terrorism intuitively and comprehensively, and to discover the deeper rules between terrorism and countries’ development.  
Our project can be divided into three parts. The first part contains two graphics showing the geographical and temporal distribution of terrorist attacks and the number of victim and wounded. The second part contains two graphics. We aggregated data in country dimensions and showed the number of attacks per country. We aggregated data in country dimensions and showed the number of attacks per country. We also show the distribution of deaths and injuries in the nine countries most affected by terrorist attacks from the time dimension. In the third part, we introduced some indicators to measure national development, including population, economy and education to show the relevance between countries’ development and terrorism. The three parts are interrelated and together illustrate the impact of terrorist attacks on the country.
  
 #### You can view it in 
